todo.md, before:

*BUGS*
- [x] 1 When removing item from custom arguments, the value in the main arguments list is not reset to default.
- [x] 2 Error when adding a simple argument to custom arguments.
- [x] 3 Issue with verifying types of complex arguments (any data is considered invalid, likely some error within the code being caught by the try/except isntead of going through)
- [x] 4 Selecting a pneumatic in the dropdown does not persist
- [x] 5 If we remove or add arguments to the point where there are no arguments in the list, the add button does not update (disappear/appear)
- [x] 6 When selecting a motor object then a pneumatic object the pneumatic dropdown is not properly hidden
  - [x] ![alt text](image.png)
- [ ] turnFor and driveFor are probably completely broekn
*TODO*
- [x] finish saving and loading
- [x] when opening program try to open last edited file
- [x] file --> new resets sequence and filepath
*WANT TO DO*
- [ ] Robot simulation with timing
- [ ] Robot simulation path results
- [ ] more undo functionality
- [ ] fix paths to be done correctly such that we can run as .exe

Commit message:

added custom events for user defined sequence code

todo.md, after:

*BUGS*
- [x] 1 When removing item from custom arguments, the value in the main arguments list is not reset to default.
- [x] 2 Error when adding a simple argument to custom arguments.
- [x] 3 Issue with verifying types of complex arguments (any data is considered invalid, likely some error within the code being caught by the try/except isntead of going through)
- [x] 4 Selecting a pneumatic in the dropdown does not persist
- [x] 5 If we remove or add arguments to the point where there are no arguments in the list, the add button does not update (disappear/appear)
- [x] 6 When selecting a motor object then a pneumatic object the pneumatic dropdown is not properly hidden
  - [x] ![alt text](image.png)
- [ ] turnFor and driveFor are probably completely broekn
- [ ] removing item from sequence does not update displayed list
*TODO*
- [x] finish saving and loading
- [x] when opening program try to open last edited file
- [x] file --> new resets sequence and filepath
*WANT TO DO*
- [ ] Robot simulation with timing
- [ ] Robot simulation path results
- [ ] more undo functionality
- [ ] fix paths to be done correctly such that we can run as .exe
